---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-05T21:42:19.767Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-05T21:41:54.659Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-05-279cbdca-80dd-40b9-a5a6-4eddc2ad36a5.md
published: true
url: 279cbdca-80dd-40b9-a5a6-4eddc2ad36a5/index.html
_type: Article

---
Ever feel like you can't keep on top of the [firehose of information][0] coming from twitter, blogs, random emailed links and other web resources?

So you want to know about all of the latest new stuff happening, but you've probably quickly found yourself being completely overwhelmed by the number of sources of this cool new stuff.

The Answer? [Twitter][1] is an amazing way of staying on top of news and innovations in the subjects I'm most interested in (tech, bicycles, music, snacks, sport). Follow the people at the top of their game and read what they're linking to, and you'll be getting the cream of the info _straight to your brain _(nearly).

Of course, it's easy to follow a bunch of interesting people that do the hard work of creating and linking to "the stuff" (as I'm calling anything cool, new, interesting, innovative, funny, and/or important).

The hard bit is reading all of the links. Sure, you could try and click on each link, read it (if it looks good), and close the browser tab. Or if you don't have time, click the link and then bookmark it, if it looks useful. Or just click the link, open up another tab and come back to it. But if you've tried to do this for a day, you realise that this isn't a fun way of consuming.

My "secret"? [Pocket][2] is a website, bookmarklet, chrome extension and mobile app. Basically it allows you to save articles to read later (it used to be called ReadItLater). I do this in 3 different ways, depending on if I'm on my laptop or phone:

* Right click a link and "Save to pocket" (need [Chrome extension)][3]
* Click the the Pocket icon on the web browser (Chrome extension)
* Press/Hold/Share tweet to Pocket from phone to store the first URL in a tweet from Tweetdeck (need the [Pocket Android app][4])

The cool thing about it if you have the mobile app is that it then pushes the article down to your phone. You can read the article whenever you have a free moment, and because it has already pushed it, you don't need to be connected to the web. It also strips out all of the menus, adverts and other stuff, leaving you with a really easy to read article.

I can't _imagine_ there is a better way of doing this, but hit me up if you know of one!

Having said all of this, note that non other than Scott Hanselman reminds us that Twitter _[isn't actual work][5]. _But that's another post.

[0]: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=drinking%20from%20the%20firehose
[1]: https://twitter.com/conradj
[2]: http://getpocket.com/
[3]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pocket-formerly-read-it-l/niloccemoadcdkdjlinkgdfekeahmflj?hl=en
[4]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ideashower.readitlater.pro&hl=en
[5]: http://www.linkedin.com/today/post/article/20130313062234-28723569-sxsw-here-s-why-you-re-not-productive